Fix cursor after going from fullscreen view to regular window view.
The graph window cursor is the "wait" cursor until you move it.


Most of this is done, but we need to leave it so we may check
it out more carefully.  This is just the authors junk notes.

  Add keep aspect mode:  The x/y aspect stays the same when
  zooming.   This would be handy for when looking at GIS data.


  test all the shell commands  



  document all the environment variables


  Add quickplot_shell --pid=PID program that connects to
  a pipe to the running quickplot program.
  
  
  fix: quickplot -h ==> "failed to create drawable"
  Looks like GTK+-3.0 is printing this after I call exit.
  So I guess it's not really a bug.


  Fix gnome plugdev

  Run with dmalloc

  Remove the New Graph Tab button.

  Announce on Freshmeat  freecode.com.


  Grid and plot layer positions, i.e. grid on top, grid on bottom, grid between
  plots.  Plot layering comes from plot order in the -g option.  Should
  -g "0 1 grid 3 4" put the grid between plot 0 1 and plot 3 4?
  how about -g "0 1 grid-x 3 4 grid-numbers 0 6" to order the different 
  parts of the grid?  It's just drawing layers...


  Document environment variables in html and man


  Make a command line dump option that prints out a
  command line that would as close as it can reproduce
  the current graphs and windows.

  Make 'N' put up the Select Channel to Plot tab in the Graph Details.

  Add configure tab that lets you change app default values.
     - like turning off label reading.
     - default background
     - lines on/off
     - points on/off

  Add per user defaults that can be saved or auto saved
  in a dot file.

  Ruby bindings...

  Change graph tab name when graph gets it's first plot.

  Add a screenshot gallary to the homepage
     - link to it on the top page.
     - thumb nails with command line option
       and links to:
        * with data files
        * or c source file
        * or Ruby source files
     - do not include it in the source.

  Add move grid to front option

  Add move plot to front button/function

  Full control of graph colors and fonts:
   Like:
    Add x/y line grid color, x/y line number font
    x/y line number color, and sub grid x/y line
    colors.


  Add another Cairo draw mode that will use sub-pixel values
  or basically use Cairo the way it was meant to be used.
  It will be much slower at drawing than the current
  Quickplot Cairo draw mode, but may make much better
  static images.  It could make images that are not
  restricted by the computer display.

  Fix and use plot sig fig in status (may be done)

  add sub-grid

  find/check all the GTK+ argument options

  check the status x y print format when there is no grid


  Make function channels that use less memory
     - linear channel
     - sine functions and other elementary functions


  Add Channel functions like linear, sine, cosine, exp, ln and so on
    - do using plugins??
    - plugins that quickplot compiles or Ruby??

  Add other channel data types other than double, like short and int
  for loading sound files with a smaller buffer.


  Add CAIRO X11 macro #ifdef to code to
  remove X11 specific code on none X11 platforms


  add all --no-bla-bla and --bla-bla options that
  make things consistent

  Test the startup of large data sets plotting more than
  one graph tab and more than one window.


  Add widget that shows and edits all app options.


  Add focus grab when waiting for the draw ...
  or just throw away all events except quit or escape and equivalent.


  Add quick culling to the case when values are always decreasing.


  Add extern C to port API to C++.


  Add option to strip nan and/or inf from channels.  ??

